Fix controller pointers with Solvers (#6304)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/README_Solver.md

The *Tracked Target Type* property of the [`SolverHandler`](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Utilities.Solvers.SolverHandler) component defines the point of reference all solvers will use to calculate their algorithms. For example, a value type of [`Head`](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Utilities.TrackedObjectType.Head) with a simple [`SurfaceMagnetism`](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Utilities.Solvers.SurfaceMagnetism) component will result in a raycast from the head and in the direction of the user's gaze for solving what surface is hit. Potential values for the `TrackedTargetType` property are:

* *Head* : Point of reference is the transform of the main camera

> * *ControllerRay*: Point of reference is the line pointer on a controller (i.e motion controller or hands)

Reviewer: Nit: I'm not quite sure if this is the beginning or end of a "line pointer" or what a "line pointer" is on a hand?

Author: ```suggestion
* *ControllerRay*: Point of reference is the [`LinePointer`](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Input.LinePointer) transform on a controller (i.e pointer origin on a motion controller or hand controller) pointing in the direction of the line ray
```

![SurfaceMagnetism Example](../Documentation/Images/Solver/SurfaceMagExample.png)

#### Determining what surfaces can be hit

> When adding a [`SurfaceMagnetism`](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Utilities.Solvers.SurfaceMagnetism) component to a GameObject, it is important to consider the layer of the GameObject and it's children, if any have colliders. The component works by performing various types of raycasts to determine what surface to "magnet" itself against. If the Solver GameObject has a collider on one of the layers listed in the `MagneticSurfaces` property of `SurfaceMagnetism`, then the raycast will likely hit itself resulting in the GameObject attaching to it's own collider point. This odd behavior can be avoided by setting the main GameObject and all children to the *Ignore Raycast* layer or modifying the `MagneticSurfaces` LayerMask array appropriately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When adding a [`SurfaceMagnetism`](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Utilities.Solvers.SurfaceMagnetism) component to a GameObject, it is important to consider the layer of the GameObject and it's children, if any have colliders. The component works by performing various types of raycasts to determine what surface to "magnet" itself against. If the solver GameObject has a collider on one of the layers listed in the `MagneticSurfaces` property of `SurfaceMagnetism`, then the raycast will likely hit itself resulting in the GameObject attaching to it's own collider point. This odd behavior can be avoided by setting the main GameObject and all children to the *Ignore Raycast* layer or modifying the `MagneticSurfaces` LayerMask array appropriately.
```

Conversely, a [`SurfaceMagnetism`](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Utilities.Solvers.SurfaceMagnetism) GameObject will not collide with surfaces on a layer not listed in the `MagneticSurfaces` property. It is generally recommended to place all desired surfaces on a dedicated layer (i.e *Surfaces*) and setting the `MagneticSurfaces` property to just this layer.  Using *default* or *everything* may result in UI components or cursors contributing to the solver.

> Finally, surfaces farther than the `MaxRaycastDistance` property setting will be ignored by the Surface Magnetism raycasts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, surfaces farther than the `MaxRaycastDistance` property setting will be ignored by the surface magnetism raycasts.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Finally, surfaces farther than the `MaxRaycastDistance` property setting will be ignored by the `SurfaceMagnetism` raycasts.
```
